Add Bravyi-Kitaev fermion-to-qubit mapping for `fdestroy`/`fcreate` (#724)
qutip/QuantumToolbox.jl: CHANGELOG.md

  - Add a convenient method when the Hilbert space dimension of all sites are equal.
  - Improve the documentation and docstring. 
- Efficient Jordan Wigner transformation for `fdestroy` and `fcreate`. ([#723])

> - Add Bravyi-Kitaev fermion-to-qubit mapping for `fdestroy` and `fcreate` via the keyword argument `mode = :BK` (`mode = :JW` for Jordan-Wigner remains the default). ([#724])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Updates for `fdestroy` and `fcreate`:
  - Efficient Jordan Wigner transformation. ([#723])
  - Add Bravyi-Kitaev fermion-to-qubit mapping via the keyword argument `method = :BK` (`method = :JW` for Jordan-Wigner transformation remains the default). ([#724])
```
